1. How long has Alpin Surgical been in business?
Alpin Surgical was established in 1983. Our repair technicians have more than 20 years of experience, as well as 36 years of direct OEM experience.

2. Do you charge for evaluation?

No, we don’t charge you for evaluation.  You will only pay for the freight charges when sending items to and from us, if applicable.

3. What is your warranty?

We cover our services with a 90-day warranty on all materials and workmanship.

4. What type of equipment do you repair?

We are capable of maintaining and repairing almost every instrument used in surgery - of every make and model. We cover handheld surgical instruments, flexible endoscopes, rigid endoscopes, power equipment, pneumatic hoses, phaco handpieces, diamond knives, cryosurgical handpieces, fiber optic cables, light sources and laparoscopic instruments.

5. What surgical specialties do you support?

We cover laparoscopic, arthroscopic, pediatric, bariatric, ENT, orthopedic, neurosurgical, ophthalmic, endoscopic, and more.

6. What is your turnaround time?

For minor repairs, we guarantee 24-48 hours. For major repairs, except flexible scopes, we can repair in 3-4 days.

7. How will I know the cost of my repairs?

Before any work begins, we will send you a quotation with an estimate of time, materials and cost. The breakdown of the work required will be transparent.

8. What if there is nothing wrong with our equipment?

No problem. We will not charge you for the diagnostic work. You will only have to pay the cost of freight, if applicable.

9. What if we don't approve the repair?

After our technical team evaluated your equipment for repair and you decline the quotation presented, you will only have to pay the cost of freight.

10. How do I obtain a loaner?

Alpin Surgical carries a vast array of surgical instruments. You are advised to give us a call at 1-800-543-3168 to check on availability.


11. Do you have an on-site service lab in my area?

We cover much of the Eastern Midwest. You are advised to give us a call at 1-800-543-3168 or use our contact form. 

12. Is Alpin Surgical ISO-certified?

***John needs to answer this

13. Is Alpin-Surgical FDA approved?

Unlike manufacturers, repair services are not required to be FDA-approved. Alpin Surgical's team of expert technicians will always exceed your expectations in meeting all the regulatory requirements.

14. Do You Offer In-Service Programs?

Yes, we offer training programs for your medical staff on the proper care and handling of your surgical instruments. We also offer online education.

15. Do You Offer Preventive Maintenance?

Yes, we offer diagnostics and maintenance services to help you save on costly repairs. 

16. Can You Modify an Existing Surgical Instrument?

Yes, we can modify existing surgical instruments and customize it according to your needs.